# Find Usages and Highlight

Investigate the following using **Find usages**

1. Where is the `ZipDirectory` method from the `FileSystemUtilities` class used?
2. Which `.cs` file uses the `CheckRightsForAdminSettingsPage` method in the `WebUtils` class?
3. From which `.cs` files can the `SaveToDatastore` method of the `XmlBlogProvider` class be invoked? (multiple **Find usages**)

Navigate to the `BlogEngine.Core.Pager` class and look at the `Reset` method (note: there is more than 1 `Pager` class)

4. Try to reason about what happens to the `page` parameter within the constructor
5. Try again with **Find usages**
6. Try again with **Highlight usages**
7. What works better? Nothing, **Find usages** or **Highlight usages**

Navigate to the `RewriteDefault` method in the `UrlRewrite` class. Using **Highlight usages** or **Find usages** figure out

8. What is the last line that the `path` local variable is used in?
9. What is the last line that the `url` local variable is used in?
10. What is the last line that the `page` local variable is used in?

Navigate to the `BlogEngine.Core.Blog` class

10. Try to reason about who calls the `Blog` constructor
11. Try again with **Highlight usages**
12. Try again with **Find usages**
13. What works better? Nothing, **Find usages** or **Highlight usages**


## Primary shortcuts

Shortcut | Key Combo
--- | ---
Find usages | Shift + F12
Highlight usages | Shift + Alt + F11
Remove Highlight | Esc

### Supporting shortcuts

Shortcut | Key Combo
--- | ---
Go to next usage | Ctrl + Alt + PageDown
Go to previous usage | Ctrl + Alt + PageUp