# Navigate Hierarchies

Navigate to the `Navigate` method of the `NavigateHierachies` class.

1. Examine the **Type Hierarchy** of `IEntity`
2. What is the difference between **Go to implementation** and **Go to derived** on the `IPet.Speak` method?
3. Where does **Go to implementation** on `IEntity.Id` followed by **Go to base** take you? Why?

Navigate to the `RebusHierarchyLesson` class. Using hierarchy navigation (**Go to declaration** / **Go to implementation** / **Go to base** / **Go to derived**) figure out the following:

(Remember that you can consult the **Type Hierachy**)

4. From `SimpleHandlerActivator` - how can you get to `IActivateHandlers`
5. From `IActivateHandlers` - how can you get to `WindsorContainerAdapter`
6. From `WindsorContainerAdapter` - how can you get to `IContainerAdapter`

Without leaving `RebusHierarchyLesson` figure out the following from the `Lesson` method.

---

Hint: **Go to derived** shows a list of possible navigation targets for whatever's under the caret.

---

7. Using **Type Hierachy**, which class implementing `IActivateHandlers` does not implement `IContainerAdapter`
8. Number of classes and interfaces implementing `IActiveHandlers`
9. Out of the these - how many implement the `GetHandlerInstancesFor<T>`
10. Number of classes and interfaces implementing `IHandleMessages<T>`

---

Tip: If you navigate to a file and want to go back to where you were, you can either use **Close current file** or **Go back (Visual Studio)**.

---


## Primary shortcuts

Shortcut | Key Combo
--- | ---
Go to declaration | <kbd>F12</kbd>
Go to implementation | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>F12</kbd>
Go to base | <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Home</kbd>
Go to derived | <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>End</kbd>
Show type hierarchy | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>E</kbd>, <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd>


### Supporting shortcuts

Shortcut | Key Combo
--- | ---
Inspect this | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>A</kbd>
Close current file | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>F4</kbd>
Go back (Visual Studio) | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>-</kbd> (minus symbol above P)